Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(CROWD CHEERING FAINTLY)
(BELL CLANGING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
SAMMY: Okay. okay.
This the last one?
We're all good?
-(IN THAI) Thank you.
-Good luck!
(IN ENGLISH) Bad luck. Josh.
Thanks. Sammy.
(CROWD CHEERING)
-Sammy!
-Hey. Marty.
Did you catch my win out there?
I did. man. It was beautiful.
-Beautiful.
-Thank you. Thank you.
Bit of poetry. man.
-I'mma come train with you.
-Always welcome.
(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)
SAMMY: The fuck is... Oi!
What the fuck's going on here?
Clear the room!
Malon. you should show more
respect to your brother.
Come on!
MAN 1: Come on. let's go.
Let's go!
Fuck off!
(MUSIC STOPS)
-MAN 2: Now!
-(PATTON COUGHING. RETCHING)
(PANTING)
(PATTON RETCHING)
All good?
PATTON: Mmm.
Here we go.
I got a couple of things
I wanna say.
so I'll talk. you listen. okay?
One Championships. huh?
Here we are.
Best of the best.
Top of the mountain.
I'll tell you something
that I know
is an absolute fuckin' fact.
In this entire building.
there's only two people
that know you are gonna
win this fight tonight.
There's you and there's me.
Everybody else is
on the other bloke.
He's bigger.
he's faster. he's stronger.
That's what they think
and that's what he thinks.
And he's gonna think that
until you punch him in the face.
then he's gonna realize
he is the obstacle
that stands between you
and what you deserve.
The hard work is done.
Now comes the fun.
-Why do we train so hard?
-So I can breathe.
-Why do you need to breathe?
-So I can think.
-Why?
-So I can win.
Say it.
If I can breathe. I can think.
-If I can think. I can win.
-Say it!
If I can breathe. I can think!
-If I can think. I can win!
-Come to me. Hands!
If I can breathe. I can think.
If I can think. I can win!
-If I can breathe...
-Push.
...I can think.
If I can think. I can win!
-If I can breathe!
-I can think!
-If I can think!
-If I can think.
then I can win!
That's the way.
that's the way. boy.
Come on. what's the fight plan?
(PANTING) Punch the cunt
in the face.
It's a good plan.
All right. here we come!
Here we come.
(PATTON YELLS)
MALON: Let's go. brother!
The General!
PATTON: This is our time.
little brother.
This is our time.
Stay here. Malon.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(PATTON YELLING)
SKIPPER: Hands on the deck!
Pull the bubbles in!
(CREW YELLING)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
MAN: Got it!
Traps up!
-Get it up here!
-Pull 'em in!
(CAGE CLATTERS)
New guy!
Get your hand off your dick
and straight up!
Come on.
get the fish inside there.
-Get the bait!
-Get back!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
New guy! Put it in!
(CREW YELLING)
(WATER SPLASHING)
(WIND WHOOSHING)
(SHIP HORN BLOWING)
That's the last of it. Skip.
-How did we do?
-What do you think. Sherlock?
Fuckin' shit house.
under quota again.
Here you go.
Tweedledee and Tweedledum.
(PAPER RUSTLING)
(SHIP HORN BLOWING)
It's 400 bucks for a whole week
of busting our ass.
If I don't get paid.
you don't get paid.
That's fishing.
-(PATTON SCOFFS)
-I've only got 200.
Great. you can fucking count.
you big dildo.
You lost the bloody
trap again. boofhead.
He didn't lose the trap.
the rope snapped.
'Cause everything on this boat
is old as shit.
That's not his fault.
You mind your tongue. deckie.
I'm Skipper.
Huh? My boat. my rules.
Get that through
your thick head.
if you want a fuckin' job.
Tell you what.
you're a bit of a Jonah.
I reckon. old mate.
Bad luck.
Some blokes have bad luck
follow 'em around.
I think you're one of 'em.
300 each.
That's fair.
Teamwork.
I'll see you tomorrow. Neal.
See you. mate.
(BIRDS SCREECHING)
(CAR ENGINE RUMBLING)
(GENTLE BRIGHT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Life's a casino ♪
♪ I'm tellin' you ♪
♪ And everybody's playin' ♪
♪ Boys and girls
Women. children. me. and you ♪
♪ The dice are loaded ♪
♪ And everything's fixed ♪
♪ Yes ♪
♪ Hope you're feelin' welcome ♪
♪ To hard times ♪
(INHALER HISSES)
Hello!
(DOOR CREAKS)
-Daddy!
-Hi. baby.
-Hey.
-Hey. guys.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
(SIGHS) Hi.
-Mmm.
-Surprise.
Come here. chickadee.
Oh. yes!
What are you doing up so late?
I. um. I spoke to
Dr. Keller today.
Maddie needs to see
a specialist.
Okay. It's okay.
Hey. it's okay.
LUCIANA: Oh. and other news.
Your daughter's in big trouble.
thanks to you.
What. thanks to me?
We were on our way home
from school.
some driver was honking at me.
Maddie. do you wanna
tell Daddy what you said?
No. Mama. please.
I don't wanna tell Daddy.
Go on. tell him.
Tell him what you said.
Tell me.
Stupid fuck wit.
Oh. I didn't teach her that.
-(CLICKS TONGUE) Really?
-Mmm-mmm.
LUCIANA: Well. who did then?
-Oh.
-Come on.
Let's go brush those naughty
words outta your mouth.
PATTON: Hmm.
MADDIE: Aw!
-Say goodnight to your daddy.
-MADDIE: Goodnight. Daddy.
-Goodnight.
-I love you.
Oh. I love you so much.
Thanks for waiting up.
Sweet dreams.
(SIGHS) I'll see you
up there. okay?
(PATTON GROANS)
(CHUCKLES) We should
wash your mouth out too.
-Go on then.
-(CHUCKLES)
-You stink.
-Oh. well.
(BOTH LAUGH)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(TRAIN HORN BLOWING)
(OBJECT CLATTERS)
I need to tell you something.
We can't afford
a specialist right now. love.
Rent's due Monday.
Half those bills
are already overdue
and we haven't caught
a fish in weeks.
All the other boats.
they're catchin' plenty.
but not us. nah.
Can't you jump on with them?
No. I've asked around.
It's not that easy.
Okay. I can pick up
more shifts at work.
No.
No. you gotta study.
you got exams coming up.
And Maddie.
she's a full-time job right now.
(SIGHS) Pat.
Hey.
Hey!
We'll find a way.
Yeah.
I need to tell you something.
Shoot.
-(HAND SOFTLY TAPS)
-(SIGHS)
No?
(CHUCKLES) Shit!
Shit. (CHUCKLES)
Good shit?
(LAUGHS) Yes!
-Yes. good shit. Come here.
-(SIGHS)
Oh. babe.
(MACHINERY RUMBLING)
Shit!
Looks like we're working
another week for free.
This prick couldn't catch
a fish to save his life.
We should grow weed.
PATTON: Weed?
My cousin grows weed.
He makes all kind of money.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. he goes out
to the state forest.
throws the seed out.
comes back five months later
and picks it.
He makes a couple hundred grand
a year. tax-free.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-Whereabouts is he?
-He's out at Goulburn.
Goulburn?
There's a state forest
in Goulburn?
I don't know.
That's where his jail is.
He's in jail?
-Yeah.
-For what?
Growing weed.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah. I don't reckon
that's the right plan
for me. mate.
I got a family at home.
I've got another one on the way.
I don't think they want me
in Goulburn.
-NEAL: You having a baby?
-Yeah.
-(LAUGHS) I love babies!
-Yeah?
What. are you the happiest?
That's the best news ever!
-(BOTH LAUGHING)
-SKIPPER: Oi. Shrek!
Put princess down
and fill up the bags!
Sorry. Skip. It's Patton.
he's having a baby!
Great. just what
the world needs.
More fuck wits.
Yeah. you'd know.
Captain Fuck Wit.
How fuckin' far can you swim?
Fuckin' Jonah!
(NEAL LAUGHS)
Captain Fuck Wit.
Yeah. fuck that.
there's no fish again.
Got fuckin'
useless deckies. mate.
Make "Dumber and Dumber"
look like geniuses. (LAUGHS)
MAN ON PHONE:
The new bloke you got
sounds like bad luck. hey?
Yeah. he is bad luck.
Hey! Hey. Patton!
Captain Fuck Wit speaking.
You take that fuckin' bad luck.
you Jonah.
and fuck off.
You're fired.
Did I fuckin' stu... stutter?
You're fired. you snowflake.
Say bye to your boyfriend.
I bet your kid's going to be
a fuck wit like you.
Say hi to your... Hey!
Hey! Not so fuckin'
strong now. are ya?
You take
one more step. princess.
and I'll light you up
like a fuckin' bonfire!
You couldn't catch a fish
in a fish farm. you donkey.
Get on your tricycle.
you clown! (LAUGHS)
Get back to work.
Hey.
-(SIGHS)
-You good?
Hmm.
Yeah. I'm good.
You gonna watch
your brother's fight?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Well. I'm gonna head to bed.
I'm so tired.
PATTON: Hmm.
-I'll see you up there.
-Goodnight.
-Night.
(PATTON SIGHS)
COMMENTATOR:
This has all the makings
of a classic fight.
Xavier Grau is at
the top of his game.
Right now. pound-for-pound.
there is no one better.
But Malon James
is undefeated. 7-0.
Now Malon looks good on paper.
considering his record.
but has he been challenged
like he will be tonight?
And to be honest.
I don't think so.
All right. gentlemen.
we've been over the rules.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
We will keep it clean.
Touch gloves. let's do this.
Judge. judge. judge. and time.
You ready? You ready?
-Let's fight!
-(BELL CLANGS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
COMMENTATOR: That looked
like it hurt him. Brian.
BRIAN: Malon James
is definitely the more
active fighter.
I get the sense though
that it's Grau who is
in control here.
Check left!
-MITCH: I agree. Brian.
-Check right!
I think we're seeing Grau
allow Malon James
the space to come forward.
baiting him
and waiting for him to commit.
If Grau gets the chance
to spring that trap.
I don't think this fight
goes the distance.
(XAVIER YELLS)
Oh. my God.
Xavier makes his move!
-(CROWD CHEERING)
-Unbelievable!
The crowd is losing
their minds here.
Move.
Make space for yourself.
No. no. distance. distance!
Get back!
Move. get outta there!
(XAVIER YELLING)
Get outta there! Move!
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Move. move!
Get off the cage!
Move!
Let go! Let go!
What the fuck was that?
Get him off!
MITCH: Malon James is out!
Oh. my God. he is out cold.
What a knockout!
Let go! Let go!
BRIAN: That was definitely
an illegal hit.
MITCH: What is Xavier doing?
Xavier just hit Malon when
the ref was waving him off.
BRIAN: Oh. Mitch.
the officials are definitely
going to have to take
a look at that one.
But what an impressive
knockout. regardless.
PATTON: Nadine!
Hey.
NADINE: Sorry. Patton.
I didn't know who to call.
Oh. it was no problem.
It's been so long.
I wasn't even sure
if you'd recognize me.
Of course we do.
I hope he's okay.
Hey. Maddie.
I'm your aunt. Nadine.
Mummy! Need a wee-wee.
Okay. honey.
Um. we're gonna...
Yeah.
We'll be right back.
How's he doing? Is he okay?
-He's in a coma.
-Oh.
He's got a clot on his brain.
He's with the doctors.
It's all right. he's tough.
He's tough. he'll. um.
he'll be fine.
I know you two
haven't been talking.
It's all right.
We're still family.
Mrs. James?
My name is Gabriel Stone.
I work with Xavier.
We just wanted to express
our sympathies.
Thanks.
Patton James?
Gabriel Stone.
Xavier Grau's manager.
Yeah. I know who you are.
Nadine. you want
a coffee or something?
I'm fine. Thanks. Pat.
Excuse me.
Would you excuse me?
(BUTTONS CLICKING)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
You know.
when I was starting out.
I made it a point
to watch all of your fights.
Man. you were a fuckin' animal.
an absolute beast.
You had the greatest heart
I've ever seen.
And your brother?
I mean no offense.
but it's like a photocopy
compared to the original.
Something you want?
(SIGHS) But what if I told you
I could pay you $75.000
to fight my guy?
What the hell
are you talking about?
You're one of the greatest
MMA middleweights of all time
and you're working on
a fuckin' fishing trawler.
This is an opportunity.
I wanna give it to you.
That's all.
-I'm not a fighter anymore.
-Okay. now. ah! Listen.
Ex-con comes out of retirement
to fight the guy that you once
knocked out in six seconds.
You still hold
the record for that.
by the way. Hey?
And my guy.
he's now champion of the world
and he just put your brother
in the fuckin' hospital!
Hey. you agree to that.
I sell the shit out of it.
80K.
Why. hmm? Why now?
'Cause Xavier wants
his legacy to be perfect.
He wants to wipe away the stain
that you put on his record.
He's the champ.
He has the title.
He's the one taking
all the risk.
All you need to do
is show up on fight night
and you get paid.
85K.
$100.000!
Final offer.
Listen. when your brother
wakes up.
you should have a talk to him
because he has some debts
that need attention.
Daddy! Finally I found you!
Hiya. kid.
Listen. I got a present for you.
Hmm? Here you go.
And give that to your dad
when he comes to his senses.
Hey. how you doing?
Think about it.
-Hi.
-Hey.
He's stable for the time being.
but he's gonna need some rest.
(MACHINE BEEPING)
(PATTON SIGHS)
How much does he owe. Nadine?
What?
Who is it?
Is it Barry Dunn?
How much?
50.000.
Jesus Christ.
What the hell are you doing
borrowing $50.000
off Barry Dunn?
What do you think?
His training camp.
Our house.
I mean. the big car.
You've gotta look like
the real thing in this world.
All that costs money.
If he hadda won. no big deal.
we'd pay it right back.
(PATTON SIGHS)
(PATTON EXHALES SHARPLY)
PATTON: I just don't know
what the hell he was thinking.
The one man you do not wanna
be in debt to. is Barry Dunn.
And what were you
and the manager speaking about?
He offered me 100 grand
to fight Xavier Grau.
What did you tell him?
I said no. of course.
That's the guy
you beat before. right?
Yeah. Long time ago.
Come on.
(DOG BARKING)
Do you wanna fight him?
I told him
I'm not a fighter anymore.
That's not what I asked you.
You're thinking about it.
Babe. 100 grand's
a lot of money.
But I said no.
(PATTON SIGHS)
What do I tell your daughter
when you're the one
in the hospital in a coma?
That the money was good?
Let's go to bed.
(LUCIANA SIGHS)
(WAVES WHOOSHING)
(UPBEAT ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
PODCASTER: All right.
what the fuck is up.
fight nerds?
This is Dan In The Arena.
episode 109.
I am Dan. as always.
and our man in the arena
today is the warrior.
Mr. Xavier Grau.
The day after a dominant victory
over Malon James.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Great performance.
There's been
a huge response online.
Yeah. Not all of it good.
No. there's been
some. uh. concerns. chatter.
that that last hit
you put on Malon.
that that was...
That was illegal.
XAVIER: Come on. illegal?
Oh. in that case.
all my punches
should be illegal.
You know. Malon James.
he asked for a beating.
and that's what he got.
Okay.
Well. let's move away from
the investigation. yeah?
Let's talk about something else.
Patton James. Of course.
Malon James's older brother.
Now he dealt you your first
and only professional loss
11 years ago.
knocking you out in six seconds.
I mean. that is still the record
for the fastest knockout
in One Championship history.
Yeah.
You know what. Dan?
I'm not gonna
make excuses for that.
but if I could fight
that little bitch tomorrow.
oh. I would knock him out
in 2.0 seconds.
DAN: I would love
to see that fight.
(SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
Patton. Good to see you.
Wasn't sure you'd make it.
Can I get you
a drink or something?
No. I'm good. I can't stay.
-Listen. I'll take your fight.
-Great.
-I want 150K.
-(CHUCKLES)
Is something funny?
Oh. funny in a good way.
150K. half up front.
rest on the night of the fight.
No tricks.
Would you stop
squeezing my balls
for just five seconds?
Fuckin' hell.
Put it in writing.
We got a deal.
All right. All right.
Here's a deal memo.
You sign that.
I get the full contract
drawn up.
Does your wife know
you're here? Hmm?
Fight game's changed a lot
in the last ten years.
You may not understand
just how much
until you step into that circle.
When was the last time
you fought?
An eternity ago.
How much gas you got
in that tank?
You sign the contract.
we set the date.
And you turn up.
No excuses. ready. fit.
Put on a show.
Or else we burn down
your fuckin' world.
I need time to train.
-How much?
-I need six months.
You have seven weeks.
Good luck.
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
(BRAKES SQUEAL)
(RAILROAD CROSSING
BELL CLANGING)
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
-(BELL CLANGING)
-(CROWD CHEERING FAINTLY)
(CHILDREN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
ROSE: All right. everyone.
let's go. like you mean it.
(WHISTLE TRILLS)
Wait. wait. wait. Wait.
Isabel! Isabel. what was that?
What are you doing?
A cartwheel.
ROSE: All right.
Everyone who wants to do
cartwheels. over on the mat.
But for those of you
future world champions.
we're doing sidekicks.
Ready?
With you in a minute.
Uh. actually. guys. take five.
Take five. Go get a drink.
(CHILDREN CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY)
Holy shit!
Patton?
-Rose?
-(CHUCKLES)
My God.
I didn't even recognize you.
-(ROSE GASPS)
-All grown up.
All grown up. (CHUCKLES)
Oh. my God.
Man. what's it been.
like eight. nine years?
Where the hell have you been?
You know. I've been around.
been working. and just...
Oh. my God. (CHUCKLES)
And you. what's up?
You fighting?
I was. Yeah. I...
I blew my knee out.
Ah! Shit.
Along with my career.
(CHUCKLES)
But at the start I was 9-0.
and I finished 12-7.
-Shit.
-It's a tough gig on one leg.
Damn straight.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Ugh. don't worry.
Have a look at me. Patton.
I'm far too pretty
to be a fighter.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
How's Sammy?
The same.
Older.
Meaner.
Might. uh.
leave you to that lot.
Maybe I'll...
Maybe I'll just hang out.
Yeah. Hey. hey. Patty?
He's not gonna wanna see you.
You know that. right?
You really shook him up. man.
I just don't think
it's a good idea
for you to hang around.
No. it was... It's the past.
-You know. it's a long time ago.
-(SCOFFS) For you maybe.
Hey. what the hell
are you doing here anyway?
I need a trainer.
Trainer? For what?
Took a fight.
It's in seven weeks.
-Seven weeks?
-Yeah.
Jesus. Patty.
when's the last time
you trained?
Yes. it's been a while.
-Who're you fighting?
-Uh...
Xavier Grau.
(SCOFFS) Fuck off.
Oh. my God. you're serious.
Holy shit. Patton.
What about me? I'll do it.
-(CHUCKLES)
-I'll train you.
I know just as much
as Dad knows.
Probably more.
Hey. Dad!
Look what the cat dragged in.
How you doing. Sam?
He's got a fight in seven weeks.
Xavier Grau.
He's. um. he's looking
to come back and train.
Dad?
You gonna say something?
Fuck off.
Told ya.
I'll work on him.
I'll see you at dawn?
-See you at dawn.
-(FISTS TAP)
(UPBEAT HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
VIP area. mate.
Who the fuck are you?
Name's Patton James.
I'm here to see Barry.
(SNIFFS)
BARRY: Oi! (WHISTLES)
You know who you're fuckin'
with there. do you? Hmm?
Who? This little prick?
Go on then.
See what happens next.
'Cause both you cunts
will end up in hospital.
Now fuck off and let him in.
MAN: Go on.
Barry bloody Dunn. Son of a...
-How are you. mate?
-How are you. my old friend?
Good.
-(EXHALES) Those fuckin' ears.
-(CHUCKLES)
Come and sit down
and have a drink with me.
Talk about the old days.
Sit here.
Excuse me. sweetie.
I was only talking to someone
about you the other day.
-Oh yeah?
-Yeah.
about that stink you had
in Silverwater Prison
with those lads.
That is still the best fight
I have ever fuckin' seen.
Listen. man. I can't stay.
It's a quick trip.
That's everything my brother
owes you. plus some interest.
You and him are square.
It'd be good
if every fuckin' drop kick
had a brother like you.
You're old school. Patton.
that's why I've always
fuckin' liked you.
You're an honorable man.
So if you need anything.
anything. whatever. money.
then you come and see me.
All right?
You and Malon are square.
Okay.
Good to see you. Baz.
-All right.
-Take care.
(ALARM BEEPING)
(PATTON GROANING)
(ALARM STOPS)
What time is it?
It's early.
Jeez!
-Neal?
-Hey. Patton.
What the hell
are you doing here?
It's five o'clock
in the morning.
I left Captain Fuck Wit.
Wasn't fun without you anymore.
We make a good team.
Yeah.
What are you doing now?
I'm going training.
Training? What for?
(BAG RATTLES)
Getting back in the fight game.
-Fight game?
-Mmm-hmm.
Don't suppose
you need help with anything?
Have you got any experience
fight training?
Not really.
I don't like fighting.
(SIGHS)
Listen. I'm sorry. man.
I gotta get going.
All right. bye. Patton.
I mean. I could use someone.
you know?
-(CHUCKLES)
-Someone to train with.
I could pay you
a couple bucks maybe.
at some point.
-Me?
-Yeah. you.
-Ready? Now?
-Yeah.
-Run? Bag in. let's go.
-Let's go.
ROSE: So let me
get this straight.
You got a training partner
that doesn't like to be hit
to help you train for
a One Championship fight?
Do I really have to tell you
how fucking stupid that is?
Rose. I don't need to hit him.
I just...
I just need to have him around.
I need to train with him.
-do takedowns. grappling.
-Pat!
If I get him to the ground.
I can get anyone down.
What do you weigh. Neal?
I was 350 last time I checked.
(SIGHS) It's not the worst idea.
It's not the worst idea.
Welcome to the team. Neal.
There's some gear over there.
big guy.
Nothing's gonna fit.
but you're welcome to it.
-Thanks. Rose.
-Yeah.
Okay. Pat. let's go.
Don't waste my time. Pat. Jab!
-Again. Again.
-(PATTON GRUNTS)
Gimme a dash. Roll!
Walk around. let's go.
One. two. again.
-(YELLS)
-Roll!
Cross jab. cross.
Again. Roll!
-Again.
-(YELLS)
Again.
Kill him. Titan. kill him.
-Push. Patton.
-Go on. Patton.
-You got it.
-ROSE: Come on.
Defend!
Stop napping. Pat!
Stop napping. Get up.
Come on. Push. push. push!
-Give up.
-Twist him.
-You wanna fight?
PATTON: Fight back!
ROSE: Stay calm. Come on!
Come on. come on.
Oh. what're you
gonna do now. Pat?
What're you gonna do now?
(GRUNTS)
(PATTON GRUNTING)
ROSE: Get up!
Come on. Patton.
this is embarrassing.
Tap!
Come on. can't breathe.
Can't breathe.
No one gives a fuck
if you're tired. Pat. Come on.
(GASPING) Okay.
(PANTING)
Fine.
(SCOFFS)
(SIGHS)
You ever hear of knocking?
You don't have a door.
What are you doing here?
You're not welcome.
Since when?
Since a very long time ago.
Doesn't need
your permission anymore. Dad.
He's got mine.
I run the gym now.
I just needed time away.
all right?
I'm still the same guy.
Yeah? Same guy?
Then you're definitely
not welcome.
What's wrong with your face?
Fuck off.
I beat him before.
Things change.
You wouldn't last 30 seconds
against Xavier Grau.
I don't need to last 30 seconds.
I just need to show up
and get paid.
I see.
Well. if that's the case.
you are definitely
wasting Rose's time.
So why don't you just piss off
and do some Zumba classes?
Uh. all right. can we get back
to work now. please?
Come on.
(SIGHS)
(SCOFFS)
ROSE: Neal?
He's gonna try and get you
to the ground.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Don't let him.
Yep.
-Oh!
-(GRUNTS)
ROSE: Great stuff.
Remember.
this was your idea. Pat.
-Mmm-hmm.
-(LAUGHS)
NEAL: Come on. Patton.
ROSE: Anytime.
Don't have all day.
(PATTON GRUNTING)
That was pathetic.
Come on!
Gonna get him down.
get him down.
(PATTON GROANING)
Gonna have to do
better than that. Pat.
(MALON WHISTLES)
Hey.
-How you doing?
-Yeah. great. You?
-Yeah!
-(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Oh. well. word is that you. um.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
took a fight with Xavier.
Yeah. that's right.
Huh! Well. um. that's my fight.
-Your fight?
-Hmm.
Nah. you need
to take some time off
and let your body heal.
Hey. don't tell me what to do.
Okay. I'm not exactly sure
what's going on here.
Well. you wanna
pay off my debts.
That's what's going on.
Ah. I see.
-Mmm-hmm.
-You're welcome.
I don't see you
for five fuckin' years
and then suddenly you're back
and you wanna pay off my debts.
I was just trying to help you.
Oh. now he wants to help.
Yeah. now you wanna be
my big brother. huh?
I'm a pro fighter now. Patton.
-I can handle myself.
-Yeah.
Listen. thank me.
don't thank me.
It doesn't matter.
And it wasn't about you and me.
(SNIFFLES) Of course it is.
You know it is.
It's always been about
you and me.
It was finally my turn
and you walked away.
Remember? Huh?
(MALON SIGHS)
Only difference is.
I don't look up to you anymore.
You can't hack it.
-Malon!
-Hey. fuck off here. Dad!
Easy! Pull your fuckin'
head in. Hmm?
(CHUCKLES) You think
you're gonna help him
fight Xavier in the circle
and do something
that I couldn't?
Oh. no. yous. ah?
Hey. Rose. (LAUGHS)
You're soft.
Come on. you know.
everyone knows.
that in jail
you were just taking it
like a little bitch in...
Hey!
-Fuck you!
-Hey!
(ALL YELLING)
PATTON: Fucking cunt!
ROSE: Get off!
PATTON: Fuck off!
-Let's fuck off. guys.
-Pull your fuckin' head in.
(MALON SIGHS)
SAMMY: Malon.
Give yourself time.
Don't get back in the ring
until your head's right.
(SCOFFS) It's all about respect.
Thanks. Coach.
(SIGHS) I'm so sorry. Sammy.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
How's dinner taste?
-Good.
-(DOOR CLOSES)
Hey. I'm home!
-Daddy!
-Hello. darling.
And chickadee.
Mmm. smells good. Mmm-hmm.
Mmm. smells good.
What's that mark on your face?
Nothing.
Just an accident at work.
that's all.
Luci. what's wrong?
You've been lying to me.
You took the fight. didn't you?
It's $150.000. babe.
The hell was I supposed to do?
LUCIANA: Fuck!
Hey. I've got two good things
in my life.
And that is you
and that is Maddie.
And I have a responsibility
to protect you
and provide for you.
And that's what I'm doing.
You promised me!
You fucking promised me
that you wouldn't fight again.
Luci!
Lu!
(PATTON SIGHS)
(PHONE CHIMING)
(PATTON MUTTERS)
(SIGHS)
-ROSE: Hands up!
-Right!
-Use your jab.
-(GRUNTING)
That a boy. Pat. that a boy.
Go. go. close!
-Fuck!
-That was your fault. Pat.
And you let him line you up.
Underhook. underhook!
Switch it.
Jesus. Come on. Pat.
He's shit.
What was that. Dad?
-SAMMY: He's shit.
-(GRUNTING)
Stop being a wanker.
If you've got something to say.
just say it.
Oh. I am. I'm saying it.
He's shit.
Clear enough?
He's got no engine.
He's got no urgency.
Can't coach heart.
(PATTON GASPS AND GRUNTS)
Come on. Patton. come on!
Get up!
MAN 1: Come. come up again.
MAN 2: Line up. line up.
MAN 3: Come back. Protect.
(KNOCKING)
MAN: Line that up. Get down.
How do we fix things
between us. Sammy?
I built this gym for you.
you know?
I mortgaged the old house.
Rose's mom told me not to.
She said I was making a mistake.
but I knew better.
We had everything
in front of us.
I mean...
You took all that
and you turned it
into a bar brawl
and a prison sentence.
I know.
I even had a plan
for when you got out.
Everything became
about waiting for you.
Even when Rose's mom left.
I still had my plan.
I didn't know.
You know. on your release day.
I sat here like a fuckin' chump.
expecting you to bounce back
through that door.
I was gonna strap your hands.
the wait was over and we could
just get back to the plan.
You didn't show.
And the bank took the house.
I just don't understand
why you couldn't call.
Just one phone call
and a reason.
That's all I needed.
I got into a lot of fights
in prison. Sam.
A lot.
I fought for my life
every other day.
Every day there was
a fresh fish coming in.
trying to make a reputation
for themselves.
calling me out.
I never slept in there.
Two-and-a-half years of that.
And when I got out.
the last thing
I was thinking about
was fighting.
And yeah. I ran.
When I met Luci. my wife.
she didn't know me as a fighter.
she didn't know me as a...
As a convict.
She loved me for me.
Didn't care about glory
or any other reason. just me.
I'm a dad now.
Daughter.
Another one on the way.
I reckon I'd like a son.
I took this fight for money.
No other reason. just money.
I figure I could sell
whatever was left of my legacy.
just to...
Just to get my family ahead.
you know?
Just to buy some time. Sam.
Time's not a commodity
like that.
You have moments and memories.
If you don't take the moment.
you don't get the memory.
You're using Rose. Pat.
She loves you.
I mean.
she has since she was a kid.
And if you have grown as a man.
like you say.
you know that
and you shouldn't be here.
WOMAN:
After an extensive review.
the competition committee
has decided to suspend you
for six months.
fine you $75.000.
and strip you of your title.
Are you outta
your fucking mind?
XAVIER: Feels like
I'm on trial for murder.
Feels like you've already
been convicted.
We will be appealing this.
It won't change anything.
What about my fight
with Patton James?
As of today. it's canceled.
You won't be fighting in
any One Championship events
until your suspension is served.
This is a professional sport.
We don't condone
and/or tolerate dirty fighters
and unnecessary violence.
He's the one
that brings all the money
to this fucking organization.
How about you show some respect?
Looks like we're done. (SIGHS)
Let's go.
(SIGHS) Oh. fuck.
All right. get the fuck
outta here. you guys.
ROSE: Come on. Pat!
There he is. Come on. yes!
Cover up.
Yes. Patty. set it up.
set it up!
Feint and then low.
Circle. circle.
Push in. Push in!
Off the fence. Off the fence!
Cover up!
Get up. Pat. come on!
Tap!
Fuck! (PANTS)
Good. Patty. good.
Thirty more. let's go.
Keep that pace.
Rhythm. rhythm. rhythm.
Nice. Patty. Nice.
Keep working through it.
Breathe.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Pat.
(XAVIER SCOFFS AND LAUGHS)
Oh. wow.
Patton James.
the man and the myth.
What the hell
are you doing here?
Hey. how you doing. everyone?
Nice to see you.
Hey. how are ya?
Yeah. So. uh.
slight change in plans.
Do you mind if we have
a quick business chat?
We can chat
in front of the team.
What kind of change?
I've been suspended by
the competition committee.
We're working very hard to get
the. the ruling overturned.
but in the meantime.
we just need to change
the venue.
You two flew all the way
out here to what?
To pitch me this bullshit.
You want a. what.
you want a smoker fight?
Yeah. well.
what difference does it make?
A fight is a fight.
It's gonna be
the same rules. Patton.
Except it's not under
the One-banner Championship.
which is to our advantage
in many ways.
That's not what I signed up for.
(CHUCKLES) Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Hey. come on. Patton.
We all want this fight
to happen. right?
-Listen. Patton. buddy.
-Ha!
What? Huh?
If you can't make the fight.
One Championship.
you still have to pay me.
You're really gonna be
a motherfucker
who hides behind
the contract. huh?
Hey. yo. let me. uh.
let me ask you something.
man-to-man.
What kind of pussy bitch
are you?
I'm the kind of pussy bitch
that knocked your ass out
in six seconds.
You remember that. cunt?
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
I bet you cling to that moment
like it was the greatest memory
of your life. huh?
Nah. not really.
(CHUCKLES)
Welcome back. Patton.
I see you.
Yeah.
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
MADDIE: Mom.
which do you like more.
sunset or sunrise?
Sunrise.
Really?
PATTON: Sushi delivery for a...
For a Maddie James!
Did a Maddie James order sushi?
-MADDIE: Daddy!
-Hi. baby.
You have a good day at school?
-MADDIE: Yeah.
-I got your favorite sushi.
It's over.
What is?
The fight.
There's a breach in contract.
It's not happening.
You sure?
Positive.
So sorry I lied to you.
Won't happen again. I promise.
It better not.
Promise.
(LUCIANA SIGHS)
What about the money
that they paid you?
It's ours.
And more.
Can I have my wife
back now. please?
Please.
(LUCIANA SIGHS)
Yes! (CLAPS)
Now get ready to
bounce to the top!
Yeah! Bend your knees!
Look forward.
-Pitch that!
-Oh!
-MADDIE: Not there.
-(PATTON CHUCKLES)
PATTON: Oh. what?
What was that?
Hey!
I didn't come to fight.
How you doing? You okay?
You can get lost.
It's all right. we all get lost.
You don't fucking get it.
You can get lost on this track.
What do you mean?
You don't fuckin' hear me?
I just said it.
I run this 'cause at least
I know deep down I know it.
It's right there.
and then I'm...
And then what?
Then it's up there. and...
(CHUCKLES)
-You need help.
-(SCOFFS)
Yeah. It's a good idea.
-Hey. Mal! Come on.
-Too late for that. mate.
(MALON CHUCKLES)
Maddie wants her uncle
to come to her birthday party.
Please.
She's your niece.
You don't even know her.
Nah. I know her.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
Nadine showed me a photo.
She's cute.
I'm teaching her to surf.
down Southend
where I taught you.
Fuck. you were good at it.
She's just like you.
she's goofy foot.
Won't let me tell her
what to do.
Wants to learn it all herself.
I'm sorry I walked away
from you.
I am.
What time?
Five o'clock. Monday.
MALON: Fuckin' dog.
(GENTLE UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Daddy. is Uncle Malon coming?
Yeah. he'll be here. baby.
I promise you.
(CAR HORN HONKING)
-Oh! Who could
that be right now?
-(DOG BARKING)
(CAR DOORS OPEN. CLOSE)
Hey. you guys.
-(CHUCKLES) Hey. bro.
-Hey. mate.
-Hey. Luce!
-Hey.
Hey.
-PATTON: Thanks for coming.
-Thanks for having us.
-Okay.
-MALON: Maddie?
-Hi!
-Hey.
-NADINE: Hi.
-Nice to see ya.
Love your hat.
MALON: Happy birthday.
This is for you.
-Aw!
-And I bought some things
in an arcade for ya.
-Which one do you want?
-This one.
Okay. you want that one.
-Thank you.
-Want one?
-You like this?
-Beautiful. huh?
-Thank you. Uncle.
(MALON AND PATTON LAUGHING)
PATTON: Hey.
-(MALON GROANS)
-Oh!
Got something on.
-Can't stay. Sorry.
-What do you mean
you can't stay?
-Where you going?
-You'll see. Told you.
PATTON: What the hell
you talking about?
Keep an eye on the news!
-About to be famous.
-What are you doing. mate?
-What the fuck
you talking about?
-I'm all good. brother.
Just got some things
I gotta take care of.
It's gonna be a great night.
We'll talk tomorrow. hey?
Malon! Hey!
Go back to
your daughter's birthday.
What the hell
are you talking about?
(ENGINE STARTS)
-It's a surprise.
-What is?
-Hey. what's a surprise?
-It's a big surprise.
What's a big surprise. man?
I love you. bro.
Who's this one from?
Uncle Malon.
(GASPS)
Daddy!
I'm rich!
Nadine. what's going on?
Nadine. did you know
about this?
Huh?
Hey. where the hell
did he get the money?
He's not meant to fight.
The doctor said he needs
to wait five months
because of his swelling.
He won't fucking listen. Pat.
and he gave him cash.
so he said yes.
(SNIFFLES) He's gonna
fight Xavier again.
-Hey.
-Yeah. just here.
-When?
-Tonight.
Tonight?
NADINE: It's $10.000 a ticket.
PATTON: Where? Nadine.
where the hell is he fighting?
Tell me!
(CAR ENGINE REVVING)
(CROWD CHEERING. CHATTERING)
What's up. brother?
Let's fuckin' go!
Come on!
Xavier! Yeah!
(MALON GRUNTING)
This fucking guy.
Hey. don't end this
too quickly. okay?
Carry him for a while.
I mean.
give these people a show.
They paid enough money for it.
And when you do end it.
you should do one of those
spinning kicks you do.
-(SCOFFS) Spinning kicks. huh?
-Hmm.
-Oh. that shit will go viral.
-Fuck. yeah.
Press him.
Press him. Malon. press him!
-Good shot. Good boy!
-MAN: Come on!
XAVIER: Is that all you got?
Come on. man.
BARRY: Keep going. mate.
keep at him.
MAN 2: (LAUGHS)
Beautiful. Xavier!
-Come on.
-Get up! Get up!
-Get up!
-Find your feet.
Malon. find your feet!
Hit him.
Hit him!
WOMAN 1: Go. Xavier!
Come on!
Get after him!
WOMAN 2: Think. Malon!
MAN: Malon!
-Nice. mate. nice.
-Come on. man.
You can take it.
BARRY: On your toes.
mate. get on your toes!
Oh. man!
-Come on!
-Hands up. mate. hands up!
Xavier!
TRAINER: Wrap him up!
Good job. Malon. get on him!
Get on him!
Keep it on the feet. son!
Malon!
Mate. come on. Malon!
Kick him!
BARRY: Come on. Malon!
Bite down. bite down!
Keep his head up!
BARRY: All right.
mate. well done!
You got him! You got him!
You got him!
Is that all you got. Malon.
Come on. Malon.
Good. Good.
-Yeah? (CHUCKLES)
-Come on. Malon!
MAN: You get him. Xavier!
MAN 1: Okay.
let's finish it off.
Come on. Malon.
Is that all you got? Come on!
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Press him. Malon. press him!
(CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
Stay behind me.
-Just leave it to me.
-I got you. Pat.
Hey. boys.
we're running a bit late.
I'm here to meet Barry.
-Mate. it's a private event.
-Yeah. fuck off!
-I'm a friend of Barry's.
-Fuck off!
-My brother's fighting.
-Oi! You're not getting...
Hey!
Hey. hey!
-NEAL: Fuck wit. Fuck wit!
-Neal!
Fuckin' ass.
I thought you said
you couldn't fight?
Well. I said
I don't like fighting.
It's different.
Sometimes you
gotta fight. right?
Yeah. sometimes you gotta fight.
(CROWD YELLING)
Let's go! Let's go!
(MALON YELLS)
-Come on. come on!
-Get up!
Get up. Malon. Come on.
It's all over. It's all over.
-Get up!
-MAN: Get up. Mal.
XAVIER: Yeah.
Come on. lad. get after him!
Malon! Malon. stop!
(CHUCKLING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(WOMEN SCREAMING)
(MALON GROANING)
Move!
(MALON GASPING)
(MALON GASPING AND GROANING)
Move. move! Stop!
Fuck!
-Move! Malon!
-(GASPS)
Malon! It's okay. it's okay.
(MUFFLED) Help!
I'll see you soon.
Toni Lee.
Chatri sends his condolences.
Sorry. he couldn't make it.
Yeah. he rang to explain.
Thank you.
Malon was a great fighter.
He was a good man.
He was well respected in the
One Championship community.
and so are you.
We have to have a talk.
(INAUDIBLE)
What was all that about?
Hmm. nothing.
XAVIER: Let's go.
(RADIO ANNOUNCER
CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(LUCIANA SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY. MUFFLED)
(VOLUME INCREASES)
(RADIO ANNOUNCER
CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(BOTTLE BREAKING)
(CRYING)
(SCREAMS)
LUCIANA: Patton.
baby. hey. hey.
-(GASPING)
-Patton!
-No!
-Sweetie!
-(GASPING)
-Hey. Patton. breathe!
-Breathe! Breathe!
-(PANTING)
Patton. baby. breathe.
Breathe.
Breathe! Breathe.
-I saw him.
-What?
I can't.
(BOTTLES CLATTERING)
MAN: Let's talk about
your unsanctioned fight
with Malon James.
Some people say
you're responsible.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
No. no. wait.
Let me explain something to you.
See. Malon James.
he was a fighter.
He wanted a rematch.
he signed a medical waiver.
and he knew
it was an unsanctioned fight.
We both did.
MAN: Do you have any remorse?
Of course I do.
He wasn't supposed to die.
But if you're looking
for someone to blame.
then you point the finger
at his pussy-ass brother.
MAN: Oh. you are of course
talking about Patton James.
XAVIER: Yeah. Patton James.
You had your little brother
step in for you.
and he just got
out of the hospital.
You shoulda manned up
and taken that fight.
That fight was meant for you.
(ECHOING) For you. For you.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(LUCIANA SIGHS)
(SIGHS) I always thought
this whole fighting thing
is so stupid.
People making money
off of violence and pain.
I don't get it.
But I can't watch you like this.
I'm trying so hard.
I know.
Malon made his own decisions.
He fought because I didn't.
It should have been me.
You're not responsible.
You're not.
(SIGHS) I don't know
what to do.
Yeah. you do.
I hate that
it's your only way through this.
but it's who you are.
And I love you.
What are you saying?
Go do what you need to do.
Kick his ass.
And when you're done.
you come back to us.
(LUCIANA SIGHS)
(CAR ENGINE RUMBLING)
She was 13 years old
before I let Rose in here
to watch me work.
Not that I was protecting her.
I thought she'd get hurt
or anything.
I just knew from the moment
she set foot in this ring.
no matter how long or short
her career as a fighter was.
sooner or later she'd end up
in one of the corners
with a towel over her shoulder.
just like her old man.
Like father. like daughter.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
And that would signify
that my time was at an end.
She is a good trainer.
You couldn't do better.
(STICK TAPS)
She works her fighters hard.
You wanna know why?
Why?
So they can breathe.
Why do I need to breathe?
So you can think.
Why do I need to think?
So you can win.
I've turned down the advance.
Said no to a guaranteed payment.
One fight. no rematch.
winner takes it all.
Rose starts with her fighters
at 6:00 a.m.
(CLEARS THROAT) She expects
four kilometers of roadwork
before you arrive
to get strapped up.
Don't be late.
(SAMMY GRUNTING)
Hey!
I love you. Sammy.
Fuck off.
-(STICK TAPS)
-(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(WAR BY IDLES PLAYS)
(PATTON GRUNTING)
♪ Wa-ching ♪
♪ That's the sound
of the sword going in ♪
♪ Clack-clack
clack-a-clang clang! ♪
♪ That's the sound of the gun
going bang-bang ♪
♪ Tukka-tuk
tuk tuk tuk-tukka ♪
Nice. Patton.
♪ That's the sound
of the drone button pusher ♪
♪ Shh. shh. shh! ♪
♪ That's the sound
of the children tooker ♪
♪ Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh! ♪
Yes. Patton! Yes. Patton!
Look who's back.
ladies and gentlemen!
Here he is!
♪ This means war!
Anti-war! ♪
(SCREAMING)
♪ War! ♪
All right.
♪ This means war! ♪
♪ Anti-war! ♪
He's mental. Dad.
Good.
(PATTON YELLS)
♪ This means war! Anti-war! ♪
(YELLING)
(SCREAMING)
MITCH: Many years ago.
Patton James was feared.
Arguably the most dangerous guy
in all of MMA.
Xavier Grau
is looking to finish
some unfinished business
and at the same time
try and restore his image.
after being
stripped of his title
by One Championship
for a vicious illegal hit.
BRIAN: Tonight.
the warrior fights the general
and it is all about legacy.
MITCH: It's not just about
the middleweight belt.
it's about Grau
avenging his only loss.
and James avenging his brother.
Ladies and gentlemen!
This is the final event
of this evening!
"And it makes me happy
like balloons that float."
ANNOUNCER: Up next...
(CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY)
"Just then the moon began to
drift slowly behind a cloud."
(PANTING)
ROSE: All right. Pat. it's time!
...all around the world.
we're live from
the Impact Arena
in Bangkok. Thailand!
Here we go!
-(ENERGETIC UPBEAT
ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
-(PATTON YELLING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
BRIAN: Here comes Patton James.
For all of you out there
who don't know who this is.
you're about to find out.
He has an incredible story.
At one point...
-Come on. mate.
-...he was the guy to beat
in the MMA world.
He earned a shot at the title.
but he landed himself in prison
and never got the chance
until tonight.
ANNOUNCER: Introducing first.
he is the former
number-one ranked
middleweight MMA contender.
standing at 5'10" tall.
weighing in at 203 pounds.
training out of Sammy's Gym
and Rose's MMA.
holding an undefeated
MMA record of 11 wins
and no losses.
with an incredible
ten finishes.
-nine by knockout...
-It's all right.
Representing Australia!
-(CROWD CHEERING)
-(YELLS)
The General!
-Patton James!
-(YELLS) Huh?
(CROWD CHEERING)
(SLOW DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
BRIAN: Patton James.
Xavier Grau for the second time
with more than a decade
in between.
these bitter rivals
will collide.
The wait is finally over.
Patton James out of retirement
for the shot he never got.
This fight
is all about redemption.
MITCH: No.
this fight is about revenge.
ANNOUNCER:
He is the former eight time
One Middleweight
MMA World Champion.
-You fuckin'...
-Fuckin' peanut.
-Dog!
ANNOUNCER: Representing
the United States of America.
-Xavier. the Warrior...
-(CROWD CHEERING)
Grau!
All right. gentlemen.
we've been over the rules.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
We're gonna have a clean fight.
Touch gloves. if you wish.
BRIAN: Oh boy.
they do not touch gloves.
That says it all. Mitch.
MITCH: Ah. here we go. Brian.
for the One Middleweight
MMA Championship of the world.
We are here.
live from the Impact Arena.
this is the world title match
-the world has been
waiting for.
-Come on. baby.
HERB: Ready? You ready?
-Let's do it.
-(BELL CLANGS)
BRIAN: Fast and furious pain.
XAVIER: Fight back!
Bring your arm in.
Get outta there!
Come on. Patton!
Get off the fence!
Shitbag. Come on.
Get outta there. Pat!
Come on. Patton.
you gotta go sleep now. mate.
MAN: Patton. come on. mate.
get outta there!
-Get out!
-Get out. get out! Come on.
ROSE: Get him off you. Pat.
come on!
Don't get in front of him. Pat!
Good. baby. Come on.
MITCH: The spinning wheel kick!
Stay center. champ!
Xavier Grau is the reason why.
He has 14 knockouts
on his resume.
Ah. Grau pointing at the cut.
A little bit of showboatin'.
ROSE: Got him down!
Nice. Nice!
That's it. Pat. That's it!
Move. Pat! Move!
Feel the base.
Get that left leg up!
You can do it. baby.
You can do it!
Left leg! Left leg!
That's it. Patty. come on!
-MITCH: Incoming
spinning elbow!
-Come on. Patton!
Move!
BRIAN: Grau rolls through!
He attacks the legs.
MITCH: Oh.
he's threatening the leg like
it's a knee-bar. Brian!
Come on. Patton!
MITCH: This kick sends Grau.
Big right-hander
landed by James!
-You got him. mate.
-Let's go. mate. Come on!
BARRY: Come on. come on.
Get off the fence!
-(BELL CLANGING)
-HERB: Time!
Yeah!
MITCH: That's the end
of the round.
James is down.
-(EXHALES)
-Big shots landed by Grau!
BRIAN: What incredible
back and forth
in that round there. Mitch.
Whew. I need to take a breath.
I need to think for a second.
That was fun.
You doing good out there.
Is he tough?
Nah.
Come on. Patty. deep breaths.
(ROSE INHALES
AND EXHALES SHARPLY)
That a boy.
-(BREATHES DEEPLY)
-There he is.
-Use your breaths.
-HERB: Seconds out.
All right. are you ready?
HERB: Off the stools.
ROSE: Fuckin' smash it.
-Okay. go boys.
-Let's go!
-(BELL CLANGS)
-MITCH: Round two set
to get started here
at the mighty Impact Arena
from Bangkok. Thailand.
We get set
for the second round.
-And a beautiful sprawl and...
-Fuck!
...defense coming from Grau.
The reverse position
by Xavier Grau.
Big shots thrown by Grau.
-Nice. Nice.
-Grau is back up to his feet!
Get him. baby.
BRIAN: Patton James
lands a clean one-two!
Grau jumps on the back!
MITCH: Wow.
what an athletic move there
from Xavier Grau
to take the back.
(PATTON GROANS)
Grau rolls through.
lookin' for the choke. Brian.
-Come on. Patton!
-In a choke.
BRIAN: There it is!
His choke is locked up!
Fuck you. bitch!
BRIAN: He is trapped.
Patton James
can't fight the hands.
-He is gonna take a nap...
-Don't do it. Pat.
-...if he does not tap.
-Stay there!
MITCH: It is nearly impossible
to get out of
a position like this.
(SOUND WARBLING)
Mmm-hmm. You've got this.
It's yours. brother.
Breathe. Breathe.
-HERB: Time!
-(BELL CLANGS)
Get up! Up!
-He's out!
-Get up!
He's out! He's out!
BRIAN: Xavier Grau
thinks it's over!
-Patton James is out!
-XAVIER: He's out! He's out!
-(PANTING)
-Come on. Pat. get up!
Get up. get up!
Come on!
BRIAN:
Can he continue fighting?
Get up!
-You can hear the crowd...
-Get up!
(PATTON GRUNTING)
-Man! Back to the feet he goes.
-Fuck me.
(PATTON GASPING)
SAMMY: Breathe. Breathe.
What's the fight plan?
Punch the cunt in the face.
Like father. like daughter.
(MUFFLED) Why do we get back up?
PATTON: Why do I need
to breathe?
SAMMY: So you can think.
(MUFFLED)
Why do we train so hard?
PATTON: Why do I need to think?
(MUFFLED) Patton. look at me!
SAMMY: So you can win.
(NORMAL)
Why do we train so hard?
(PATTON INHALES SHARPLY)
(PANTING)
Okay?
You got this.
Do it for your brother.
HERB: Seconds out!
Off the stool!
-Fight!
-(BELL CLANGS)
BRIAN: Round three set
to get started
for our One Middleweight
Championship of the world!
Grau flew through the air.
explodes with the knees.
ROSE: Pat!
I said don't get
in front of him!
Don't let him kick. Pat!
Head down. Get down!
Get outta there. Pat!
-(MITCH YELLING)
-Come on. baby!
ROSE: Get him off you!
-He's raining down on Patton!
-Come on. mate.
ROSE: Grab his legs!
-MAN: Keep the leg.
-Nice. Nice!
ROSE: Jab! Jab!
Whoo!
Find the angles. Pat. come on!
Go. Pat!
(PATTON GROANS)
What the fuck is that?
(PATTON GROANING)
Come on! The fuck?
That was on purpose!
-Time!
-What the fuck. man?
-No. No.
-(CROWD BOOING)
-Which order?
-(PATTON GROANING)
(CROWD CONTINUES BOOING)
You all right?
-Yeah. yeah. he's fine.
-Can you see?
-I wasn't asking you.
-Yeah. I'm fine. I'm fine.
-You're good?
-Yeah. yeah.
All right.
I'm gonna give you one minute.
Okay.
ROSE: Jesus.
Fuck. Pat. can you even see?
No.
What do you...
What do you wanna do?
Let's finish this.
Let's fuckin' go.
Sometimes you
just gotta fight.
-Fuck. yeah!
-ROSE: Let's go. Pat!
BRIAN: Patton has
got to be compromised.
He's weathered
a lot of big shot
and he's really showcased
the heart of a true champion.
but what can
he do against
the insurmountable force
that is Xavier Grau?
Come on. baby!
(CHEERING)
BRIAN: He's digging for oil!
Big shot landed by James!
Come on. Pat! Come on!
Mess with him!
-(XAVIER SCREAMS)
-Grau looks hurt!
Wow. it looks like
he broke his hand!
Yes. baby! Come on!
That's it. keep him in close!
Bam! Come on. that's it.
-Huge left hook!
-Nice!
-That sends Grau...
-Finish him!
Get him!
Get him. baby! Get him!
Come on!
Yes! Again!
Yes! Come on!
Oh! Boom!
BRIAN: Big shot.
down goes Xavier Grau!
Boom! Fuckin' boom! (LAUGHS)
-Xavier Grau is down!
-(BELL CLANGING)
And the crowd at Impact Arena
has exploded!
What a moment. What a victory!
Patton James has done it!
(ECHOING) Done it. Done it!
(PATTON PANTING)
Yeah! (LAUGHS)
Yeah!
Wow!
Wow! Yes! Yes. yes!
(CHUCKLES)
BRIAN: Patton James
has just beaten Xavier Grau!
-(ALL CHEERING)
-(BOTTLES CLINKING)
Fuckin' hell!
You little fucking ripper!
(LAUGHING) I told you. son.
I fucking told you.
I told you.
you're a fuckin' world champion.
(GROWLS)
ANNOUNCER:
Ladies and gentlemen.
your referee. Mr. Herb Dean.
has called a stop
to this contest
after four minutes
and seven seconds
in the third round.
for your winner.
by way of technical knockout!
And new undisputed
One Middleweight MMA
Champion of the World.
and now $3 million richer!
"The General" Patton James!
(CROWD CHEERING)
I told you. son.
I'm coming home. baby!
I'm coming home!
I love you!
♪ The beast in me ♪
♪ Is caged by frail
and fragile bars ♪
♪ Restless by day ♪
♪ And by night
rants and rages at the stars ♪
♪ God help the beast in me ♪
♪ The beast in me ♪
♪ Has had to learn to live
with pain ♪
♪ And how to shelter
from the rain ♪
♪ And in the twinkling
of an eye ♪
♪ Might have to be restrained ♪
♪ God help the beast in me ♪
♪ Sometimes it tries
to kid me ♪
♪ That it's just a teddy bear ♪
♪ And even somehow manage
to vanish in the air ♪
♪ That is when I must beware ♪
♪ Of the beast in me ♪
♪ That everybody knows ♪
♪ They've seen him out dressed
in my clothes ♪
♪ Patently unclear ♪
♪ If it's New York ♪
♪ Or New Year ♪
♪ God help the beast in me ♪
♪ The beast in me ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm